I all let's make veg biryani with real
simple method for this we need salt red
chilli powder turmeric powder cumin
coriander powder and cumin seeds red
onions carrots and capsicum small cuts
potatoes green peas cat beans and
cauliflower cardamom powder clove powder
black pepper powder and garam masala
some fresh fenugreek leaves ginger
garlic green chilli paste also some
fresh coriander and mint boiled rice
some clarified butter ghee fried onions
saffron threads
Punnett cubes and cashews to start with
just take some oil and add cumin seeds
and hot just add sliced red onions then
ginger garlic and green chilli paste add
everything together and mix when horn in
slightly done just add cut potatoes mix
well then some vegetables here I'm
adding carrots and capsicum
after this I'm just adding some salt to
my test you can adjust this according to
your test mix everything together after
a few minutes I'm adding some more
vegetables like cauliflower cut beans
and green peas you can also add some
more vegetables if you like then I'm
adding fresh fenugreek leaves this will
give you really nice tests if you don't
have you can just skip this then some
fresh coriander and some mint at this
point
and some fresh bunny cubes this will
give you really nice test again if you
don't have you can just slip this also
I'm adding some dry spices red chili
powder some turmeric powder and cumin
coriander powder and mix again
everything together now you might have
noticed that I have not added any whole
garam masala so I'll do some variation
and I will just add powder instead of
whole garam masala but before that I'm
just adding some cashew nuts and then
instead of whole garam masala I'm adding
powder
so first I'm adding some garam masala
powder then some clove powder then black
pepper powder and cardamom powder this
will give you really nice taste
and mix everything together again and
cook this for another few minutes
now after cooking this for a few minutes
and when you think it's almost 70 80 %
done this is good time to add boiled
rice so also this rice is almost 80 90 %
done so I'm on top of this I'm adding
this boiled rice eyeball this right rice
with sub cumin seeds and whole clove so
you can add around four or five cloves
and just ball this rice after proper
layer of rice on top of mixed vegetables
here I'm adding ghee or clarified butter
so this will give you really nice taste
again so if you couldn't find GAE just
add butter instead but he will give you
really nice test and I've taken warm
water and I've added some saffron
threads and just pour on top of this
this will give you really nice color
also I'm adding some fried onions you
can buy from store or just make at home
I'm using store-bought fried onions and
again finely chopped coriander and mint
layer
and finally close the lid and make sure
it's really tight and I'm putting on top
of tava
so at the bottom it will not stick and
just cook this for another 15 20 minutes
on medium flame okay after 25 minutes
I've checked and it's done perfectly
finally solve this delicious biryani
with some coriander on top of this thank
you guys for watching and I'll see you
again with another recipe
you